# GRAPHICAL-IMPLEMENTATION-OF-3D-ROUTE-MAP-OF-BMSIT-M
The implementation of 3D ROUTE MAP OF BMSIT&amp;M in Computer Graphics is done using OpenGL. This project would enable users to witness the simulation of model of BMSIT&amp;M campus to many users by using a Computer System. The term real-time to computer graphics means that the computer is producing an animation or a sequence of images directly in response to some input, such as mouse movement or keyboard strokes. Basically, the project would simply start up displaying our names and the title of the project and it goes to next window when‘s’ is pressed. Followed by providing HELP window. Press ‘v’ to view the 3d model of BMSIT&amp;M. When the keys x|X,y|Y,z|Z are pressed the plane rotates in X,Yor Z axis respectively. When ‘v’ is pressed from the help window, the present data being displayed on screen would disappear and you can see the TOP VIEW of BMSIT&amp;M campus. On Right click on the mouse button would initiate the creation of menu which will provide a number of options i.e, destination where to reach in the campus. On clicking the option in the menu corresponding path will be highlighted from the source point at gate to destination. This project is implementation of ROUTE MAP using OpenGL in computer graphics. The users can make use of this simulation in knowing the entire BMSIT&amp;M campus where different places and blocks are located. Here the only source point is at the gate and the paths are shown for different destinations. Here mainly translate, rotate and scaling functions are used along with keyboard and mouse interactions.
